pin the biblio (#33)
tc39/template-for-proposals: README.md

Follow these steps:
  1.  Click the green ["use this template"](https://github.com/tc39/template-for-proposals/generate) button in the repo header. (Note: Do not fork this repo in GitHub's web interface, as that will later prevent transfer into the TC39 organization)

>   1. Update the biblio to the latest version: `npx npm-check-updates -u @tc39/ecma262-biblio`.

Reviewer: why use npx here?
```suggestion
  1. Update the biblio to the latest version: `npm install --save-dev @tc39/ecma262-biblio@latest`.
```

Author: Because I didn't realize you could use `@latest` to override the semver constraint. Pushed. (It also needs `--save-exact` or npm will helpfully insert the `^`, alas.)
